people would rather look rich than
actually be rich and you would say oh no
I would rather be rich well people's
actions speak louder than the words
because if that's true
you should not have a Gucci belt if you
don't have that same amount of money in
the market you should not own a BMW if
you do not own any Investment Portfolio
right I mean it's just it's just a
matter of looking at what you do doesn't
match with what you actually want if you
want to become wealthy question answers
yes okay what are you willing to
sacrifice you have a BMW in the driveway
you got the Gucci belt of the Louis
Vuitton if you have this nice stuff but
you don't have the nice assets your
priorities are in the wrong place and
this is just a matter of you looking at
yourself in the mirror and being honest
with yourself and understanding what you
want